In my college career I've really experienced being confused a lot. Confusion
is a big part of the college experience. Number one it helps
you become a better person, but number two there are just some bad teachers
obviously, or maybe you're just a bad student you know, or some
combination of all those three. And when every you're in one of
those situations where you're listening to the teacher, you're looking
at the book, you're reading, you're doing your homework as much as
you can and you're just lost, how do you get through it? That's when
you have to depend on your friends. You have to go to people that
have taken the class before and try to ask as many questions as possible.
Go to the professor and even though you do it one time, two times,
three times, I think the more that you come the more he'll understand
as a person, the more he'll understand the way it is to teach
you, and he might change, he or she might change the way that they
talk to you. So the point is to keep going, have that commitment to
don't give up, to never just say to heck with it let me move on to
the next thing because your college career will be lengthened substantially
that way. You want to really master your subject so go to your
professors go to your friends and they'll help you out.